hello I'm Christine the other day
Jessica from prices Wong tagged me in
the bookshelf scavenger hunt
I hardly ever tagged in anything so I'm
excited first thing we have to find an
author's name or a book title that
contains the letters each huh Zee what
about happening do I feel that these
authors have the letter Z in them what
the heck I don't have any D's oh oh the
Maze Runner has a C in it okay so find a
classic this is my copy of tequila
Mockingbird I was reading it down the
shore of my summer reading back in 10th
grade and they have potentially left it
outside and then it rained and this is
what happens to books after they get
rained upon and I still use this copy I
let it dry and I read this piece of crap
copy that I left in the rain the book
with a key on it now I'm pretty positive
and carceral as a key on it let's see if
I can find a cooler one though those
don't have keys he see you guys think I
have a lot of books but I really don't
look people are like a wall of books I
have one slop in there literally one
slum one so I failed to find a cooler
one and carceral has a key on it I
already told you that I've never
finished this book so next find
something on your bookshelf that's not a
book spider-man
BAM find the oldest book on your shelf
yeah Prisoner of Azkaban and I wanted to
read Harry Potter I told my parents and
they bought me this one and I started
reading it and I was so confused because
I didn't really get it because it was
both three so I've had this one for the
log is oh it's behind a book with a girl
on the cover of it off the fifth wave
there's Tassie on the cover Requiem Lina
Oh what what but I could do this all day
with the girls
covers find a book with an animal on it
okay challenge accepted let's do this oh
I know just the one
aha Tigers curse but Colleen haha I
haven't read this book yeah I've heard
so many amazing things about it so many
of you had told me to read it so I
haven't already yet I'll get on I'm
gonna eventually find a book with a male
protagonist easy schmoozing them in
peasy
Perseus Jackson of the Jackson's in New
York find a book with only words on it
okay okay I got this I got this
hold on ah budging does this count as
only words that's mostly words except
for those stupid I'm ruining it only
words this is almost only words this
literally only as a pillow on it does
this count only words only words find a
book with illustrations in it okay this
might be difficult Haho I have these
babies do these babies count
illustrations is it a book it's a
companion okay I'll keep looking oh I
just saw an illustration but where is it
oh there's a picture that counts hold on
I saw another picture so so you're wrong
I have books for the illustrations
Christie oh yes this one Abraham Lincoln
vampire hunter find a book with gold
lettering I could do this one all day I
got gold lettering but all the Percy
Jackson books the Mark of Athena no
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
have you heard this one you should
really check it out find a diary truth
are fictional this is a little more
difficult the demigod diaries this
little companion novel not exactly a
book diary let me see if I have anything
better the fifth wave half diary half
diary right this could pass her diary
was this a diary book they had to keep
track of the time we had it I don't
remember
hmm find a book written by someone with
a common name like Smith Suzanne Collins
Collins is a pretty common name I'll see
if I can find a more common wells Wells
is also
a very common name Robinson wells I
haven't read this book but I've heard
good things
Oh Oh Dan Brown very common name honey
Meyer Meyer is a very common game even
Lauren Oliver Oliver Twist John Green
Rachel Green Laini Taylor Elizabeth
Taylor Taylor Swift find a book that is
a close-up of something on it got this
in the bag
close-up of a face close-up of hands
with an apple close-up of an eye
close-up of a seal close up close up
close up yeah I have books with
close-ups what now find the book on
their shelf that takes place during the
earliest time period now that's a tricky
one because time periods don't
necessarily have time period Graceling
books what is that like medieval times
except fake medieval times what about
Lord of the Rings what time is that no
time I'm gonna say this is a draw
between Lord of the Rings or fire which
takes place in fake medieval times
fire is a companion novel to Graceling
if you didn't know takes place before it
it does it's pretty slow moving but it's
interesting and a hardcover book without
a jacket Harry Potter in the bill but a
fire find a teal turquoise color book
boom variant boom Mockingjay find a book
that stars on it stars there's a star oh
I have number of the stars I don't know
where that is
even though stars are blind oh maybe
star cross know what kind of star cross
look are you about star Oh blood and
Starlight doesn't have stars on it
either
damn you books that have the name star
in it without stars on their cover I
don't have a book with stars on the
cover
stars are stupid oh I do I know what
hold on yeah this one wish by Alexandre
Bullen yeah thought I wasn't gonna get
that one find an on why a book all the
Dan Brown's not why not why all of these
are not ye not why
not yaa and I'm sure there are others
but it's too hard to get to them on my
bookshelf and that conclude the book
scavenger hunt egg yeah
I'm Christine thanks for watching I'll
see you next time bye oh oh oh one thing
okay I made a post about questions for
book lover two and a three on my
facebook so you want to leave a question
you click on that picture that's like oh
I'm taking questions and then you leave
a comment on that picture it's a picture
of me holding the Infernal Devices
series so click on that picture and
leave a comment on that with your
question if you a question and if you
see any questions that you like up um
because I'll be more likely to do those
questions yeah okay thank you for
watching I'm Christine I'll see you next
time bye